well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today I want to respond to a
question I've gotten a couple times and
basically the question goes like this Bo
you're obviously a huge history person
how can you possibly be okay with these
statues being torn down they're erasing
history they're destroying our history
no they are not no they are not
most of these statues the overwhelming
majority of them are not historically
significant in any way shape or form nor
are they historically accurate in any
way shape or form they are not part of
history they are there to mythologize
they're there to create a mythology
about the leaders of the United States
those major historical figures they're
there to rehabilitate their image in
some cases they're there to honor them
so they're only teaching one side of the
story and then when you talk about those
in the south the statues down here in
the south
most of them weren't even put up for
that reason most of them were put up at
a specific point in history and they
really were put up as a way of sending a
message to a certain group of Americans
that basically boiled down to y'all
better stay in your place yeah I'm
totally cool with those being taken down
I have no problem with it one of the
issues that the US has is that most
Americans know American mythology not
American history and many of these
statues helped create that because they
only tell the one side of the story they
only tell the good parts and that leads
people to believe that the US doesn't
have problems and failure to recognize
those problems leads to I don't know
city is burning we should probably work
on that a good example an interesting
example is the one that got taken down
in DC recently Albert Pike this is one
I've seen myself number of times I'm
fairly certain that the plaques there
they mention his public works they
mentioned his fraternal organizations
they
and all the good things that he's done
they don't mention that he was a
Confederate officer that resigned under
some pretty unique circumstances they
don't mention that most civil rights
organizations believed that he was a
member of that group with the white
sheets that's not mentioned so it's not
history it's a memorial and on some
levels that's okay too
it's okay to mythologize to a certain
level but you can't confuse it with
history every nation has a mythology
that's fine but it's not history the two
things aren't the same somebody I think
that would be worthy of mythologizing
because they were really important in
the founding of this country somebody
that I'm okay with statues of Thomas
Jefferson now if you want to make it a
historical thing you would have to
include the fact that while he
completely knew that slavery was wrong
immoral unethical all of these things
and he knew that it was going to cause
problems in the United States he he
referred to it as a hideous block he
didn't like free all the slaves though
historical figures are flawed they are
but if we ignore that they are flawed we
get this idea that the US was founded
without sin the u.s. was founded on some
pretty messed-up stuff the thing that
makes the u.s. unique is that the
founders knew they were flawed and they
included the machinery for change that's
one of our most important Heritage's as
Americans the machinery for change
people say that all the time well that's
in the Constitution you can't change
that
Article five says we can one of the more
important pieces of American history is
the machinery for change
the idea of including more and more
people under that umbrella of freedom
the idea that all men are created equal
and yeah when it was founded all men had
a really narrow definition but it
expanded because of that machinery for
change that's our heritage that's the
good heritage personally I think a lot
of these statues should be preserved
they should be taken down and preserves
those that were taken down the way
they've been taking down the last few
weeks should be preserved as is because
those will be historic because it's that
defining moment when the American people
are moving forward it's another piece
with another gear in that machine of
change so yeah they should be preserved
out of sight because one day they'll
probably be in museums because this is
the time it happened it's important we
need to forget about the idea that the
US can't change me to drop that concept
our whole history is the u.s. changing
and it's time for another one it's time
to move forward these statues aren't
about history so if you're making that
argument you're wrong
these statues aren't really about
heritage because our most important
heritage is the machinery for change so
if you're making that argument not just
are you wrong you are standing in the
way of the most important heritage this
country has and that's moving forward
you're the person holding it back
we should probably focus more on
American history real history rather
than mythology anyway it's just a
thought you'll have a good day